Todo:
Figure out if we want to include anyone else in the proposal?
7 -- what are UARCs? Am I at one?

Volume 1 - Technical and Management Proposal
	Cover sheet (I pasted in the template)
	Transmittal letter
		Introduction of team
		BAA number
		our program name
		proposal validity period (120 days)
		type of contract vehicle being requested (FFP = Firm Fixed Price) with a short rationale
		any non-negotiable conditions on which the offer is based (such as contract type
		points of contact information (technical and administrative)
			name
			email
			phone number
	Proposal (at most 8 pages)
		Proposal Overview
			Technical Overview
				main objective
				key innovations
				expected impact
				other unique aspects
				paragraph on the relevance to 
					Intelligence Community mission
					COVID-19 pandemic,
				timeframe for implementation of results 
				key technical challenges
				technologies proposed to overcome these challenges
				novelty and uniqueness of the proposed work 
				What is the proposed work attempting to accomplish or do? 
				How is it done today, and what are the limitations? 
				Who or what will be affected and what will be the impact if the work is successful?
			Summary of products, transferable tech., and deliverables
			Schedule and milestones
				Table of schedule and milestones
			Related research
				comparing against competitive approaches
			Project contributors
				clearly defined organizational chart 
					with affillitations
					organized under functional roles
					task number responsibilities
				summary of expertise of the proposed team
				Identify a PI
			Facilities
				facilities and resources that will be used
				computational and experimental resources
			Resource Share
				type of support, if any, requested from the Government
				any resources we are willing to provide at no additional cost to the Government
				other parties receiving the proposal and/or funding the effort (if none, so state)
		Statement of Work
			detailed, clearly defined plan for the technical tasks/subtasks, by phase
				For each task/subtask:
					durations 
					A general description of the objective;
					Approach to be taken in enough detail to determine feasability
					primary organization responsible for task execution
					exit criteria
				dependencies among tasks/subtasks
			Identification of all deliverables (e.g. reports, software)
		Attachments (not included in page count)
			1. Academic Institution acknowledgement letter (see template) -- needs to be trom a university official
			2. IP rights (at most 2 pages) (see template)
			3. OCI (conflict of interest) (see template)
			4. Bibliography: brief, relevant technical papers which document the technical ideas on which the proposal is based
			5. Human use statement (IRB, etc.) (see template)
			6. NA
			7. Powerpoint slide (see Appendix A in BAA)
				seedling concept
				expected impact
				seedling innovations 
				expected deliverables
				other unique aspects of the proposal
Volume 2 – Cost/Price Proposal (No page limit)
	Cost Element Breakdown and Total Cost Summary
		Excel document, following template
		Use formulas, not hard-coding
		Base + option period = total cost
		Completed cost element breakdown for the base period, option period and the total project summary in the format provided
		Total costs broken down by major task.
	Narrative Supporting Information
		supporting cost and pricing information shall be provided substantiate the cost estimates. 
		basis of estimate in a narrative for each cost element
			provide supporting documentation, as applicable
		Direct Labor
			basis of the proposed labor categories and rates
			provide a copy of the most recent Forward Pricing Rate Agreement (FPRA) with the Government
			is there any uncompensated overtime
		Labor Escalation Factor
			State the proposed escalation rate
			basis for that rate
			sample calculation demonstrating application of the factor to direct labor
		Subcontracts
			full subcontractor proposals
			Subcontractor cost element sheets
				base period
				option period
				total summary
				same format required for the prime contractor
			Consultant letter(s) of commitment
			justification for why the subcontractor was selected
			determination that the cost/price is fair and reasonable (Reference FAR Part 44 and FAR clause 52.244-2)
		Materials and Equipment
			quotes, bill of materials, historical data or any other information including Offeror’s analysis to support proposed costs
		Travel
			destination
			purpose of the trip
			number of trips
			number of travelers
			days per trip
			price per traveler
			Limited travel is anticipated. 
			may require travel to meet with team members
			not required to travel to meet with IARPA
			travel costs shall comply with FAR Part 31.
			Conference travel will not be authorized
		Other Direct Costs (ODCs)
			listed separately
			supported by quotes, historical data or any other information including the Offeror’s analysis.
		Indirect Costs
			indirect cost calculations
			identify the proposed indirect rate by fiscal year and period (base, option)
			provide information on indirect cost pools and allocation bases for each year and program period. 
			If a Government agency recently audited the Offeror’s indirect rates, the Offeror shall identify 
				the agency
				when the rates were approved
				period for which they are effective
				copy of this rate agreement
			Absent current Government rate recommendations, it is incumbent on the Offeror to provide some other means of demonstrating indirect rate realism (e.g., 3 years of historical actual costs with applicable pools and bases)
		Cost sharing
			source
			nature
			amount of cost-sharing, if any
		Other Pricing Assumptions
		Facilities Capital Cost of Money (FCCM)
			If proposing FCCM, the Offeror shall show FCCM cost calculations, identify the proposed FCCM factors by contractor fiscal year and program year and provide a copy of the Forward Price Rate Agreement (FPRA), Forward Price Rate System (FPRS) or Forward Pricing Rate Recommendation (FPRR), if available.
		Profit/Fee
			proposed profit or fee percentage
			profit/fee base
			justification
		Systems -- (I think this does not apply since we are not proposing a cost reimbursement contract)
